---
title: 'Health'
date: 2010-08-15T23:15:00.000-07:00
draft: false
aliases: [ "/2010/08/health.html" ]
tags : [Health]
---

I have just recently found a lump on the side of my bosom.  It is like a golf ball in size, shape, and texture.  I had a small moment of panic because I am incredibly unhealthy, and it seems that all kinds of horrible stuff is being thrown my way.  Any way, I googled the symptoms of both breast cancer and breast cysts. According to my googling, it could be either.  I have other symptoms that I wont post, for sake of TMI.  I haven't told anyone, cause it may be nothing, but it makes me a little nervous when I think about it.  I did find out that my health insurance, should at least cover a visit, so I can make an appointment. I really am putting off the appointment, cause I can't take much more drama.  I'm ready for my big break, I mean geezus, can I ever catch a damn break? Well now that I may die of breast cancer, I have to get healthy fast.  I have to limit my caffeine/soda consumption as of 2 weeks ago...eventhough I drink A LOT of soda at PB Hell, cause it's free.  I need to make my ass go to the gym.  I'm tired of spending another year unhealthy and extremely overweight.  I must get it together.  Plus it doesn't hurt that there is a man I have my eye on...so I need to ["Get it right, get it tight!"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ha7pwjDz1u4)  
  
Anyway, I'm in a writing mood and needed to get that issue off my chest. I'll post again, once I know what's up!  
Gym, here I come. Starting tomorrow!