---
title: 'Work, Work, Work'
date: 2010-08-02T00:27:00.000-07:00
draft: false
aliases: [ "/2010/08/work-work-work.html" ]
---

I have just recently been promoted at job A to shift supervisor, a position I asked for . I have only been in this position for about a month. I went through three weeks of "training", back in June then had a week and a half of vacation, then back to work for "transition training". I put the word training in quotes, because it's definitely not training.  It is more learn as you go and if you want to know something you better figure it out, and as [RuPaul](http://www.logotv.com/shows/rupauls_drag_race/season_1/series.jhtml) says, "Don't fuck it up!" Anyway, I was working two jobs for about 6 months, until I decided to ask for the promotion.  I asked to be promoted, because I work harder than the managers there and was making less money. So I figured, they don't do shit, I do, so it can't be that hard. With my other job, job B, it was not a full time permanent position, we would be furloughed for weeks at a time (or so they would say).  That is not the kind of job that works for me, so I quit that bitch. Here's where my problems come in.  I should have never quit that bitch (job B) and sucked it up, because job A, is on my last nerve.  Unfortunately all I ever hear currently is, "You have to get yourself out of the hourly position and into the management position."  First of all, what really is the difference? Secondly, I haven't even been doing this for more than a month.  As of yesterday July 31st, it was a months time.  So, I'm not really sure what I need to change, but lord help me, if I hear that sentence again for the 50th time.  This 12.00/hour job has caused me to break down and cry 3 times in the last month.  That's right in 30 days, I have cried about this measly job 3 times. So, if my math is correct, I should have another cry coming up in 10 days to make it 4 cries in 40 days.  The reason for my crying is utter frustration.  I am a pretty thick skinned person, but even the thickest skin will crack and break. I can't have someone tell me, I'm doing a great job, and catching on, only to tell me in the same sentence, but...you're doing a,b,c,d,e,f and g wrong everyday that I work. I may laugh it off, but I'm sick of it. Leave me the fuck alone about stupid shit, how about that? If another manager made an error, why is it my fault? Why do I need awareness about their stupid fuck ups. Why aren't they held accountable? Don't shit on me because I'm new in the position. I'm not new at the job and I'm not a retard. I may not be swift at math, and may not be able to add numbers in my head like an idiot savant, but that's what calculators are for. Explain it and let me practice it, and all will be fine. This isn't medical school, it's job A.

Basically I'm at my wits end. I desperately need a new job, and can't wait to quit this big bitch.  I don't make enough money to be treated like a moron, and I didn't go into debt with school, to work with assholes. I went into debt to help assholes not be them anymore. 

I'm so frustrated with the way this job has gone, and I needed to vent that drama. Luckily, I have two days off and hopefully it will be better next week.