---
title: 'Changing Me'
date: 2016-04-13T21:58:00.001-07:00
draft: false
aliases: [ "/2016/04/changing-me.html" ]
tags : [Health]
---

I have been going through the process of life changes. I am working at bettering myself to be the person I've always envisioned. And with that comes a lot of stress, tears, laughs and need for constant self motivation.  
I first started with going to church. I have found great relief in going every Sunday knowing that I will hear a message that somehow always pertains to me. I started back at the end of October 2015, and have been ever since. I have only missed 2 Sunday's so far and am proud that I am making a positive change to enrich my life. I've even started attending singles night on Thursdays and am now in a financial class Monday as well. Just opening up my life to something different and maybe meeting a new set of people with more positive outlooks has been great for me. I am the definition of pessimistic, so to try and work on being optimistic has been challenging.  
While I am working on this journey with church I have also changed the way I eat. I think having a positive outlook in life can't be successful if I am eating poorly and miserable in my body. So I slowly started to eliminate all the crap out my life. It is an adjustment to remember that sugar is a drug and I am addicted to it. It is slowly killing me, and I have to give up the control. After the holidays I cut most of my candy eating down to one mini piece of caramel Milky Way a night. I mean, I was still eating candy, but not like I usually would. We have a huge candy bowl at work, I would buy candy anytime I was at Target or the grocery store. So one mini piece was incredible. However, at this same time I was dealing with swollen feet, chicken skin, dry skin, stomach pain and cavities. So I decided to cut candy at home and occasionally have a piece at work if the mood so touched me. Now I can say I don't crave candy like I used to and can go weeks without it.  
I also decided to research gluten and lactose intolerance. I already know I have a lactose intolerance, so there wasn't much else to research, but I did cut the added dairy and already noticed a huge difference in my constant stomach bloating and headaches.  
I am going to start adding back the gym, but I haven't made it there yet.  I am still finishing the last of my master's degree so I have to find time to complete school, work, and make time for my self without going too crazy.  
I will say I already notice a huge difference in how I feel about my life and myself. I can get down on myself and how I think things should be going, even when they aren't.